python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi .\class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Herber -f Brady
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -f Herber -l Brady
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Herber -f Brady
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Herber -f Brady
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Herber -f Brady
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Herber -f Brady
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Nicole -f Montgomery
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -f Mcgilvray -f Tea
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -f McGilvray -f Tea
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -r 11617957
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -f Kaylynne -f Moskal
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Kaylynne -f Moskal
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Kaylynne -f Moskal
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Moskal -f Kaylynne
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Moskal -f Kaylynne
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Osibamowo -f Toluwani
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Nary  -f Kelli
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Katherine  -f Skaggs
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Skaggs  -f Katherine
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Penberg  -f Chase
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Golleher  -f Garrett
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Carlton  -f Ashlee
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Macri  -f Brianna
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Stephen  -f Abigail
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Abigail  -f Stephen
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Abigail  -f Stephens
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Stephens  -f Abigail
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Hanson  -f Kennedy
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Plattner  -f Jacob
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Mendoza  -f Allie
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Ashley -f Kimber
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Williams -f Jordan
python .\grade_update.py -g 0 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Williams -f Jordan
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Fields -f Chloe
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Fields -f Chole
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Gonalez -f Nicholas
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Gonzalez -f Nicholas
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Lee -f Collin
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Benedict -f Gabriel
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Cervantez -f Bianca
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Estrada -f Kaylee
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Katore -f Tejal Nandkishor
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Patel -f Radhika
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Perry -f Nicholas
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Miller -f Cade
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Holbert -f Jason
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Weathers -f Holly
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Quinn -f Kevin
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Lins  -f Victoria
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Young  -f Zachary
python .\grade_update.py -g 0 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Young  -f Zachary
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l McAdoo -f Erin
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Thornock -f Lillian
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Stewart -f Aamhad
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Washington -f Kaylee
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Brugette -f Georgina
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Thomas -f Alyssa
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Chapel -f Beyonce
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Taylor -f Evelyn
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Brooks -f Payton
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Harrington -f Tara
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Spurs -f Raenesha
python .\grade_update.py -g 0 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Spurs -f Raenesha
python .\grade_update.py -g 0 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Babcock -f Kennedee
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Babcock -f Kennedee
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Duran -f Kristin
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Escoto -f Andrea
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Weis -f Trevor
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Childers -f Paige
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Nolden -f Jordan
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Modina -f Christian
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Martinez -f Erick
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Crowder -f Liam
python .\grade_update.py -g 0 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Crowder -f Liam
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Talkington -f Hannah
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Porter -f Sophia
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Dellinger -f Jacob
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Martinez -f Elias
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Haley -f Macie
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l tang -f Lauren
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Tang -f Lauren
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Hicks -f Emma
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Mara -f Hosaka
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Hosaka -f Mara
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Butcher -f Tristan
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Bergmann -f Mallory
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Nwabuko -f Ebubechukun
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Nwabuko -f Ebubechukwu
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Gonzalez -f Derrick
python .\grade_update.py -g 0 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Gonzalez -f Derrick
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Bayles -f Austin
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Nelson -f Molly
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Bueche -f Evan
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Hoplens -f Drake
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Hopkins -f Drake
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Munn -f Margaret
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Silva -f Aiden
python .\grade_update.py -g 0 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Silva -f Aiden
python .\grade_update.py -g 0 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Mace -f Brianna
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Mace -f Brianna
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Ty -f Neville
python .\grade_update.py -g 5 -c ec2 -fi ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx/class_roster.xlsx -s ./processed_test2/class_roster.xlsx -l Neville -f Ty
